sdc-docker is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License,
v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file,
You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

The sdc-docker API method and CLI command documentation includes content 
written by third parties. The following third party content is included,
and carry their own copyright notices and license terms:

* The documentation for API methods and CLI commands includes content 
  from or derived from content copyrighted by Docker, Inc. and 
  developed by Docker, Inc. and contributors. That content is found 
  in /docs/api/commands within this distribution. Content there is 
  redistributed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license as noted in 
  the source repo (https://github.com/docker/docker):

   Copyright 2013-2015 Docker, Inc.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
   meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.


* Additional copyright may be retained by contributors other
  than Joyent, the sdc-docker developers, or the parties
  enumerated in this file. Such copyright can be determined
  on a case-by-case basis by examining the author of each
  portion of a file in the revision-control commit records
  of the project, or by consulting representative comments
  claiming copyright ownership for a file.

  In all such cases, the absence of explicit licensing text
  indicates that the contributor chose to license their work
  for distribution under identical terms to those Mozilla
  has chosen for the collective work, enumerated at the top
  of this file. The only difference is the retention of
  copyright itself, held by the contributor.
